Julia Tan, a 10-year-old actress who dreams of belting like Barbra, auditioned for her first Broadway show last month &mdash; 2,500 miles away, in her family room in Kuna, Idaho. As her older sister fumbled with a video camera and her mother beamed nearby as a cue (keep smiling!), Julia performed &ldquo;Born to Entertain&rdquo; from the musical
BURBANK, Calif. &mdash; Earthquakes. Tornadoes . Debt Downgrade. Double dip. Are you ready for &ldquo;Contagion&rdquo;? In a year that has seen its share of troubles, Warner Brothers will soon open a film that is sure to expand the pool of worry and scare moviegoers into seeing that guy with a persistent cough in the next seat as, just possibly,
The Tribeca Film Festival said on Monday that its 11th annual festival would be held April 18-29. The festival has asked for submissions for narrative and documentary features as well as for short film entries. Starting on Sept. 19, submission forms and information regarding eligibility for the festival will be at tribecafilm.com . Arts, Briefly
The Alliance for the Arts, which has served New York&rsquo;s cultural world through research and advocacy for 35 years, is transferring its primary activities to the Municipal Art Society and to WNET, two deals in the process of being completed that illustrate how arts advocacy and service groups in New York are struggling to sustain themselves at
NEWPORT, R.I. &mdash; Leaving the Newport Jazz Festival on Sunday evening, hearing Rudresh Mahanthappa and Bunky Green&rsquo;s bright and brilliant alto saxophone sounds recede as you walked in the rain toward the water, you could feel a couple of contradictory things. One: The Newport Jazz Festival still matters. Two: That was pretty good for the
Fred Imus, a country songwriter and radio personality who appeared frequently on his older brother Don&rsquo;s radio show, was found dead in his trailer in Tucson, Ariz., on Saturday. He was 69. He died in his sleep, said Matthew Hiltzik, a spokesman for Don Imus. Mr. Imus appeared on country radio shows, most recently co-hosting &ldquo;
African music gone international, 21st-century style, filled &ldquo;Live From the Continent,&rdquo; the Sunday night concert at Damrosch Park. That meant a merger with hip-hop for Blitz the Ambassador , originally from Ghana; a merger with dance-music electronics for Spoek Mathambo , of South Africa; and a merger with R&B for Iyadede , originally
MARLBORO, Vt. &mdash; On a recent Saturday evening at Marlboro College here, the dining room resembled that of a rambunctious boarding school, as scruffily dressed musicians of all ages energetically tossed paper napkin balls at one another across long tables. That informality belied a disciplined intensity between mealtimes, when rising stars and
GUCCI MANE & WAKA FLOCKA FLAME &ldquo;1017 Bricksquad Presents: Gucci Mane & Waka Flocka Flame &mdash; Ferrari Boyz&rdquo; (Warner Brothers) This week&rsquo;s second most important album by a pair of rappers with a sometimes contentious mentor-prot&eacute;g&eacute; relationship lacks the scale of the winner in that category, &ldquo;Watch the
Marshall Grant, a bass player who, as an original member of Johnny Cash &rsquo;s band, the Tennessee Two, helped create the group&rsquo;s pulsing &ldquo;boom-chicka-boom&rdquo; sound, died on Sunday in Jonesboro, Ark. He was 83. His death was confirmed by the Memorial Park Funeral Home and Cemetery in Memphis. Mr. Grant, who lived in Hernando,
The Kaplan Penthouse, one of Lincoln Center&rsquo;s smallest performance spaces, isn&rsquo;t that high up. It&rsquo;s just on the 10th floor. But at night, with its silvery 1980s-ish columns and twinkling high-rises all around, it definitely has romance. It&rsquo;s a microcosm of New York, simultaneously intimate and expansive, cool and warm. Those
The promoters of the Music to Know Festival on Long Island had a magic number in mind last week: 5,500. That was how many tickets they would have to sell to break even on this two-day event in East Hampton. They never got there, a spokeswoman for the festival said. By Saturday, six days before the event was to start on a used runway at the town
During her travels across Pakistan, Pamela Constable, a veteran foreign correspondent for The Washington Post, dropped in on the campus of Punjab University in Lahore, a city of 10 million, the scene of terrorist bombings and the cultural capital of the nation. By cultural capital, residents generally refer to the fading Mughal monuments and, to a
Gone is the two-tone scarf, the crewneck sweater, the eyeglasses: the signature costume for Mark Cohen, a lead character in the musical &ldquo;Rent.&rdquo; During the show&rsquo;s 12 years on Broadway that character&rsquo;s look was so familiar it inspired many Halloween costumes in New York. Now, in the new Off Broadway revival of
Following in the footsteps of Vivien Leigh, Cate Blanchett and Marge Simpson, Nicole Ari Parker (&ldquo;Soul Food&rdquo;) has landed the role of Blanche DuBois in the coming Broadway production of Tennessee Williams &rsquo;s classic drama &ldquo;A Streetcar Named Desire,&rdquo; the producers announced Sunday. It will be Ms. Parker&rsquo;s Broadway
WASHINGTON &mdash; What blissfully irritating people they are. Cranks, I believe, is the word that keeps coming up to describe them. Under most circumstances I&rsquo;d run a country mile to avoid being trapped in a room with the desperate characters now inhabiting the Sydney Theater Company&rsquo;s production of Chekhov&rsquo;s &ldquo;Uncle
BALTIMORE &mdash; Even now, 162 years after his death here, Edgar Allan Poe still seems to be suffering from the kind of bad luck that haunted his life. For a second year city leaders have chosen not to subsidize a museum in the tiny house where the impoverished Poe lived from around 1833 to 1835, a decision that means it may have to close soon.
Jane White, an actress who made her reputation in the 1960s and &rsquo;70s in Shakespearean and classical Greek drama in New York but who felt hampered by the racial attitudes of casting directors toward light-skinned black performers like herself, died on July 24 at her home in Greenwich Village. She was 88. The cause was cancer, said Joan K.
Dan Zanes started &ldquo;Shelebration!,&rdquo; a concert tribute to Shel Silverstein on Saturday night at SummerStage, with &ldquo; You&rsquo;re Always Welcome at Our House .&rdquo; It&rsquo;s a smiley, bouncy song that could be a children&rsquo;s ditty except that it&rsquo;s about serial murder, with a new victim in each verse. It was a canny
It seems entirely likely that many in the large, enthusiastic audience that turned out for a performance by the Mostly Mozart Festival Orchestra at Avery Fisher Hall on Friday night were drawn there by the starry soloist, Joshua Bell . A consistently excellent and broadly appealing violinist, Mr. Bell is one of the few reliable marquee names in
The Television Critics Association named &ldquo;Friday Night Lights&rdquo; its program of the year on Saturday night. Jon Hamm was named best actor in a drama for his role in &ldquo;Mad Men,&rdquo; which received the top drama award for a third year. Arts, Briefly
Some television shows get buried. &ldquo; Friends With Benefits &rdquo; was shot in the back of the head, driven to the Meadowlands and dumped in a ditch. Two years after it was first announced, &ldquo;Benefits&rdquo; surfaced last week on NBC &mdash; in August, on a Friday night, on the heels of a feature film with the same title . As if that
BRIDGEHAMPTON, N.Y. &mdash; Forgive the title, a shameless ploy for attention. &ldquo;The 2011 Bridgehampton Biennial&rdquo; is not actually a biennial; it&rsquo;s just the second installment of an annual summer group show done under the auspices of a commercial gallery in a private home. But it&rsquo;s a highly entertaining one, with a
Here is a highly abbreviated chapter from Nicholson Baker&rsquo;s full-throttle pornographic new novel, &ldquo;House of Holes&rdquo;: &ldquo;We&rsquo;re professionals. I know it may seem a little strange to you that we don&rsquo;t have pants on.&rdquo; &ldquo;I thought about you yesterday. I did rude things to an orange.&rdquo; &ldquo;This is
FOR about three years the West-Park Presbyterian Church, at the corner of 86th Street and Amsterdam Avenue, sat abandoned as architects, congregants and preservationists squabbled over a plan to build condominiums above the rosy, Romanesque Revival structure. When landmark designation last year quashed development plans, worshipers returned to a
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. &ldquo;CAN we try an experiment?&rdquo; the director Diane Paulus called out during a recent rehearsal here for &ldquo;The Gershwins&rsquo; Porgy and Bess,&rdquo; her risky attempt to turn that heartbreaking 1935 opera into a commercial Broadway musical. Ms. Paulus wanted more intensity in a fight scene between Bess and her former
EVERY city has a Clybourne Park. At least that&rsquo;s what several regional theaters across the country are betting on as they introduce their audiences to Bruce Norris&rsquo;s darkly humorous play &ldquo;Clybourne Park,&rdquo; a dissection of race, gentrification and real estate. Both acts of the play , the winner of the 2011 Pulitzer Prize for
PARIS IN 1993 the artist Anselm Kiefer left his native Germany and moved to a derelict silk factory on 86 acres in the southern French town of Barjac. He shored up the old industrial buildings to make them habitable. Then he brought in a crew of locals to bulldoze bare land, dig a network of underground tunnels and erect concrete structures to
ON screen just as on the stage the monologue lets us zero in on one character&rsquo;s psychology and worldview. But the technique is usually selectively applied, temporarily isolating one player from the larger context of other actors and the production as a whole. Rarer is the film that, start to finish, is a one-person show: an extended aria,
BORN to play beautifully tortured, angry souls, the actor Robert Ryan was a familiar movie face for more than two decades in Hollywood&rsquo;s classical years, his studio ups and downs, independent detours and outlier adventures paralleling the arc of American cinema as it went from a national pastime to near collapse. A little prettier and he
The Egyptian It must have seemed to Michael Curtiz that he was returning to Square 1 when he was assigned to direct &ldquo;The Egyptian,&rdquo; the 1954 historical spectacular that 20th Century Fox intended as a showcase for the studio&rsquo;s new and improved CinemaScope process. This Hungarian director, born Mano Kertesz Kaminer, was beckoned to
Theater Jason Zinoman August is usually a slow month on the theater schedule, which helps explain the success of the NEW YORK INTERNATIONAL FRINGE FESTIVAL , which enters its 15th year this week with the return of the makers of &ldquo;Urinetown,&rdquo; who are premiering a new show called &ldquo;Yeast Nation (The Triumph of Life).&rdquo;
BERLIN MODERN art can often seem portentous. Oskar Kokoschka&rsquo;s violent Expressionism foreshadows World War I; Gustav Mahler&rsquo;s cataclysmic symphonies anticipate personal disasters. The very term avant-garde implies an anticipation of society&rsquo;s will: the artist as advance guard, foreseeing trends or events to come. But not even the
AS a teenager watching old movies on television, Harry Allen heard Marilyn Monroe speak to him. &ldquo;I have this thing about saxophone players,&rdquo; she said in her famously girlish and breathy style. &ldquo;Especially tenor sax.&rdquo; She added: &ldquo;All they have to do is play eight bars of &lsquo;Come To Me, My Melancholy Baby,&rsquo; and
MOSCOW (AP) &mdash; Nikolai Petrov, a virtuoso pianist and one of the few Soviet musicians to play abroad during the cold war, died here on Wednesday. He was 68. Mr. Petrov&rsquo;s spokesman confirmed his death to Russian news agencies. Mr. Petrov suffered a stroke in May while touring in Belarus and had been in the hospital since then. Nikolai
Jesse Sykes and the Sweet Hereafter Psychedelia as communal creation, psychedelia as mystical quest, psychedelia as a roiling tangle and psychedelia as a euphoric, entranced sprawl are all encompassed in the music of Jesse Sykes and the Sweet Hereafter, whose 21st-century album release dates always seem suspect &mdash; they should all be
HAD you met her casually with no clue as to her identity, you would never associate Madelyn Pugh Davis with the outlandish behavior and outrageous situations personified by Lucille Ball in her madcap heyday. &nbsp;Yet the quietly elegant, soft-spoken Davis, who died in April at 90, was the sole female writer for &ldquo;I Love Lucy.&rdquo; And its
CHANGSHA, China THE object of my affection was within reach. Yu Wanlin, a former winner of the Miss Chongqing beauty pageant, stood across from me on the set of &ldquo;Day Day Up,&rdquo; a Chinese dating show with more than 100 million viewers. She blushed when our eyes locked, accepted my invitation to dance goofily onstage and giggled promisingly
S&Atilde;O PAULO, Brazil -- When an Internet research group recently released a study concluding that the most influential person in the Twitter universe was Rafinha Bastos , a Brazilian comedian who came in well ahead of President Obama, Conan O&rsquo;Brien and Kim Kardashian, the English-speaking world was predictably baffled. &ldquo;Who is
YAIR NOAM, an 88-year-old retiree in Tel Aviv, had a common coming-of-age experience as a Jewish teenager in 1930s Berlin. With little warning and few belongings, Mr. Noam &mdash; born Manfred Nomburg &mdash; was forced to leave his family and home to find safe haven in a foreign land. He was able to emigrate to Palestine and his brother to
TILER PECK, the New York City Ballet principal, is rarely praised for her &ldquo;swag.&rdquo; So she watched with amusement recently as a judge on &ldquo;So You Think You Can Dance&rdquo; used the expression to applaud a hip-hop performance. Ms. Peck was in an apartment in Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn, with four other New York-based professional
William Sleator , a writer for young people whose books pitted their heroes against aliens, ghouls and slimy things, not to mention the most malevolent rivals of all &mdash; siblings &mdash; died on Wednesday in Bua Chet, Thailand . He was 66. The cause had not been determined, his brother Daniel said on Friday. He added that Mr. Sleator, who had
THE SHALLOWS: What the Internet Is Doing to Our Brains , by Nicholas Carr (Norton, $15.95.) In 2008, Carr, a technology writer, published an article in The Atlantic titled &ldquo; Is Google Making Us Stupid? &rdquo; &ldquo;The Shallows&rdquo; expands on that article, arguing that we are trading away the seriousness of sustained attention for the
Sharon Bertsch McGrayne introduces Bayes&rsquo;s theorem in her new book with a remark by John Maynard Keynes: &ldquo;When the facts change, I change my opinion. What do you do, sir?&rdquo; Bayes&rsquo;s theorem, named after the 18th-century Presbyterian minister Thomas Bayes, addresses this selfsame essential task: How should we modify our beliefs
In May 2004, the F.B.I. special agent James J. Smith found himself in an uncomfortable spot: he had to tell a federal judge about an affair he&rsquo;d had with an informer, Katrina Leung, a San Marino, Calif., businesswoman with &ldquo;jet-black hair,&rdquo; while his wife and son were sitting in the courtroom. &ldquo;Argh!&rdquo; he later wrote to
If reality exists only in each individual&rsquo;s warped consciousness, then there is no such thing as objective truth. That&rsquo;s how some artists see it, anyway &mdash; and also, apparently, some bankers. The title of Justin Cartwright&rsquo;s acerbic and entertaining new novel, &ldquo;Other People&rsquo;s Money,&rdquo; comes from the gleeful
To the Editor: In her novel "Once Upon a River," Bonnie Jo Campbell may have provided "utterly convincing" details about sharpshooting to Jane Smiley ("Survival Skills," July 24), but not to anyone who's actually been hunting. You do not take a "deep breath," relax your shoulders and slow your heartbeat. You let out half a breath. You don't "push"
To the Editor: Oscar Wilde&rsquo;s jail sentence was catastrophic for his writing, and it is almost obscene to suggest otherwise, as Tony Perrottet does in his essay of July 24 (&ldquo;Serving the Sentence&rdquo;). It is true that in the three years of imprisonment he wrote &ldquo;De Profundis,&rdquo; but in a comparable period before his arrest,
Bruce Smith&rsquo;s new poems move fast and travel far, from Newtonian physics to the &ldquo;fiery . . . riderless horse&rdquo; of Christian apocalypse, &ldquo;from the jet engine / as it gins the clouds&rdquo; to &ldquo;the hand-iron press and the sewing machine.&rdquo; Most of those poems, though, begin in one place: a notion of blue-collar
Clyde Edgerton&rsquo;s slim, charming 10th novel is set in the rural South, as the spring of 1963 turns into summer. It is a fraught moment in American history, but in the town of Starke, N.C., the rhetoric and rupture of the civil rights movement are still felt only as distant tremors. Change may be blowing in the wind, as the idiom of the day had
