Diana Nyad was making good headway through the Florida Straits despite some physical complaints, about one-third of the way into her effort to log a record swim at age 61. Her Facebook and Twitter accounts said she was experiencing shoulder problems and asthma but doing well. Nyad is trying to swim an estimated 60 hours covering 103 miles from
The moment that the sprinter Oscar Pistorius had hoped for and trained for finally came Monday when he was named to South Africa&rsquo;s team for the track and field world championships, which will make him the first amputee to compete at the event. Pistorius, a four-time Paralympic champion, will race in the 400 meters and the 4x400 relay against
A second competitor died Monday after apparently having had a heart attack during Sunday&rsquo;s New York City Triathlon. The competitor, Amy Martich, 40, of Elmhurst, Ill., was pulled from the Hudson River during the swimming leg that opened the three-phase race. She died at 4:43 a.m. Monday, officials of St. Luke&rsquo;s-Roosevelt Hospital Center
SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. &mdash; Seven years ago, Jason Blewitt was a kid in shirt-sleeves who handed out entries and the occasional betting tip in the New York Racing Association &rsquo;s press boxes. One memorable May afternoon, he pointed to a horse on the program by the name of Multiple Choice and declared: &ldquo;He&rsquo;s a quality animal.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. &mdash; Osi Umenyiora was back riding his customary stationary bike in the shadow of the team&rsquo;s indoor practice facility on Monday. He was joined by the rookie defensive tackle Marvin Austin. But there is a chance that the Giants and Umenyiora, their disgruntled defensive end, will not be spinning their wheels much
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. &mdash; The free-agency frenzy dust has settled at Jets training camp, and what emerged in a matter of two weeks is the third wide receiver corps for Mark Sanchez in three years. Derrick Mason, who agreed to a two-year contract Saturday, arrived at the Atlantic Health Training Center on Sunday and practiced for the first time
DeSean Jackson, a two-time Pro Bowl wide receiver, ended his 11-day holdout and reported to the Philadelphia Eagles &rsquo; training camp Monday. He did not practice in the morning, but he was on the field for an afternoon walkthrough. Jackson is slated to earn $565,000 this season, the final one of his four-year rookie deal. He caught 47 passes
SAN DIEGO &mdash; Here is a view of the between-life, or afterlife, known as limbo, for a professional sports team. The rows of once-temporary steel bleachers below and behind Kyle Spangler show growing patches of rust. Alongside his field-level seat, in the corner end zone at Qualcomm Stadium, the bleacher surface is pitted with fresh tobacco
Hern&aacute;n Dario G&oacute;mez, the coach of the Colombian national team, apologized for punching a woman who insulted him by criticizing his job performance. Witnesses said G&oacute;mez struck the woman twice at the entrance to a bar on Saturday night. &ldquo;This act shames me in front of my mother, my wife and each and every one of the women
BOCA RATON, Fla. &mdash; Three weeks after losing in the final of the Women&rsquo;s World Cup, the players on the United States national team have returned to their professional soccer league. They have been welcomed home as if they were champions, handed roses and plaques calling them &ldquo;extraordinary heroes,&rdquo; an embrace that they
Penn State said Coach Joe Paterno was having tests on his right arm and hip at a hospital after a player ran into him during practice on Sunday. The university said Paterno walked away from the collision with a receiver who was running a route. Penn State said Paterno conducted Monday morning&rsquo;s coaches meeting by phone from the hospital.
JOHNS CREEK, Ga. &mdash; Clutching two golf balls, Ken Mangum hopped out of the cart and strolled onto the eighth green. He rolled an orange ball that briskly covered about 20 feet and stopped level with the hole. A white one, dropped straight down from knee high, bounced slightly, almost imperceptibly. &ldquo;That&rsquo;s what you want,&rdquo; he
Alex Meruelo vowed Monday to do everything he could to bring an N.B.A. championship to Atlanta if his agreement to purchase a majority share of the Hawks is approved by the league. Meruelo, a son of Cuban immigrants, will be the N.B.A.&rsquo;s first Hispanic majority owner if the deal is approved. The 48-year-old Meruelo will have controlling
Lucas Duda&rsquo;s two-run single capped a three-run ninth against the All-Star closer Heath Bell, and the banged-up Mets rallied past the San Diego Padres, 9-8, on Monday night at Citi Field. Angel Pagan, Jason Bay and David Wright homered for the Mets, who started the day by putting their top two hitters (Jose Reyes and Daniel Murphy) on the
This much is undisputed about Jose Reyes : he is an extraordinary player. Bud Black, the manager of the San Diego Padres, compared him Monday to the greatest leadoff man in history. &ldquo;Rickey Henderson is a Hall of Famer,&rdquo; Black said. &ldquo;I just know, from playing against Rickey, and what that element was, Reyes has that in this modern
By Monday afternoon, the gloom at Citi Field had given way to acceptance. The Mets officially announced their latest batch of bad news: Jose Reyes and Daniel Murphy were placed on the disabled list with injuries sustained Sunday afternoon. But the mood had turned from what Manager Terry Collins said was as morose as he could remember all season to
Marco Scutaro may have ensured himself a spot on any Boston Red Sox postseason roster Sunday night when he foiled Mariano Rivera for the second time in his career. Scutaro hit a leadoff double against Rivera in the ninth inning and scored the tying run on a sacrifice fly, and the Red Sox went on to win, 3-2 , in 10 innings. In 2007, when he was a
The American endurance swimmer Diana Nyad, 61, jumped into Cuban waters and set off in a bid to become the first person to swim across the Florida Straits without the aid of a shark cage. The 103-mile swim from Havana to the Florida Keys is expected to take 60 hours. Sports Briefing | Swimming
A 64-year-old man died after having a heart attack during the swimming leg of Sunday&rsquo;s New York City Triathlon, race officials said. A 40-year-old woman also had a heart attack during the 1,500-meter swim, according the New York Fire Department. She was in critical condition at St. Luke&rsquo;s-Roosevelt Hospital Center. The man, who was
Brad Keselowski raced all 500 miles of Sunday&rsquo;s Sprint Cup stop at Pocono Raceway with a broken left ankle. As if that was not enough, he somehow managed to win, too. Competing with a brace on his ankle, Keselowski sped off on the final restart late in the race in Long Pond, Pa., to pick up his second victory of the season. He gingerly
SPARTANBURG, S.C. &mdash; Cam Newton made his first pass as quarterback of the Carolina Panthers recently when he gave up trying to buy jersey No. 2 from Jimmy Clausen and settled on No. 1. How fitting. The Panthers are in desperate need of a public relations makeover after a disastrous 2010, and Newton, the No. 1 overall draft pick in April, is
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. &mdash; Shaun Ellis has gone to the other side. Ellis, the defensive end whom the Jets drafted in the first round in 2000 with the pick New England gave them as compensation when Bill Belichick left New York for Foxborough, Mass., agreed to a one-year deal with the Patriots on Sunday. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Tennessee Titans cornerback Cortland Finnegan is defending himself on Twitter, saying he left training camp on Saturday to deal with a personal matter and is not upset with his contract. Finnegan wrote Sunday that he had spoken with his coaches and teammates and would resume &ldquo;all things asked.&rdquo; He said his personal issue needed
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. &mdash; The Ben Patrick era at tight end proved brief and uneventful for the Giants: five days, a handful of practices, one sudden retirement. The Prince Amukamara honeymoon was even shorter: less than 48 hours, 1 full-contact drill, 1 broken foot. The sudden losses, both on Saturday, left the Giants dangerously thin at two
Manchester United beat Manchester City, 3-2, in the Community Shield in Wembley, England, rallying behind Nani&rsquo;s two goals in the traditional opener to the English soccer season. United trailed, 2-0, but completed its comeback when Nani scored in the fourth minute of injury time. Sports Briefing | Soccer
The unseeded Radek Stepanek&rsquo;s net-charging style carried him to the Legg Mason Tennis Classic title at 32, making him the tournament&rsquo;s oldest champion since Jimmy Connors was 35 in 1988. The unseeded Stepanek won an ATP final for the first time in two and a half years Sunday by beating top-seeded Ga&euml;l Monfils, 6-4, 6-4, in
AKRON, Ohio &mdash; It happens in all sorts of ways, in business, politics and sports. A top guy fires a loyal lieutenant only to have the lieutenant come back to haunt the hallways, or, in the case at hand, the fairways. Even as familiar as the story line is, this kind of payback does not usually strike as fast or with as much force as it did
Jay Haas birdied the final hole to win the 3M Championship by one shot over Tom Lehman , Kenny Perry and Peter Senior in Blaine, Minn. From 207 yards out, Haas put his second shot on the par-5 No. 18 about 25 feet from the hole and two-putted for his first Champions Tour victory in two years. Playing in the group of front of Haas, Lehman just
To no one&rsquo;s surprise, Maya Moore is having a standout rookie season in the W.N.B.A. A four-time first-team all-American at Connecticut, where she led the Huskies to a record 90 consecutive victories, Moore was the first overall selection in April&rsquo;s draft. She started in the All-Star Game last month and is third on the first-place
The Atlanta Hawks have scheduled a news conference for Monday amid reports that the team and Philips Arena are being sold to Alex Meruelo. Meruelo, the son of Cuban immigrants, founded La Pizza Loca, which has more than 50 franchised and company-owned restaurants in Southern California. He would become the N.B.A.&rsquo;s first Hispanic majority
BOSTON &mdash; C. C. Sabathia and Mariano Rivera are the Yankees two best pitchers, and under normal circumstances when they are on the mound good things happen. But playing the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park hardly constitutes normal circumstances, and good things did not happen for Sabathia or Rivera this weekend. Sabathia was rocked on Saturday
The Mets &rsquo; clubhouse felt more like a funeral home than a locker room Sunday, and perhaps rightly so. During their 6-5 loss to the Atlanta Braves , the Mets lost Jose Reyes and Daniel Murphy, their two best hitters, to injuries. In Murphy&rsquo;s case, the injury to his left knee could be serious enough to end his season. Afterward, in hushed
Tim Lincecum stayed sharp until getting hit in the right knee by Chase Utley&rsquo;s bounding bat, and the host San Francisco Giants ended Philadelphia&rsquo;s season-high nine-game winning streak, beating Roy Oswalt and the Phillies , 3-1, on Sunday. Jeff Keppinger had four hits as the Giants spoiled Oswalt&rsquo;s return from the disabled list
Mark Teixeira was sitting at his locker at Yankee Stadium late last month, trying to put into words how his season has gone at the plate. At first, he gestured with his hands. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s been ... you know ... pretty good,&rdquo; he said, turning his palms up. Then he shrugged. &ldquo;I mean, the production is there, there&rsquo;s no doubt
BOSTON It seemed fitting that the richest man in the world met with the richest teams in the American League before Sunday night&rsquo;s game at Fenway Park. Carlos Slim Hel&uacute;, the Mexican telecommunications billionaire, was a guest of the Red Sox &rsquo; Adrian Gonzalez. He greeted wide-eyed superstars like David Ortiz and Mariano Rivera,
David Villa scored on a header midway through the first half and Barcelona lived up to its reputation as the top club team in the world, beating Mexico&rsquo;s Club Am&eacute;rica, 2-0, in Arlington, Tex., in the final game of the Spanish team&rsquo;s American tour. &para; A.C. Milan won a record sixth Italian Super Cup, rallying past Inter Milan,
George Brennan guided Broad Bahn to a pace-setting 3 &frac14;-length victory in the $1.5 million Hambletonian for colts and geldings in East Rutherford, N.J. He also piloted the long shot Bold and Fresh to an upset in the $750,000 Hambletonian Oaks for fillies. Sports Briefing | Harness Racing
SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. &mdash; The owner Bill Clifton and the trainer James Bond had been here before, in the paddock of one of the most beautiful racetracks in the world, readying a fast horse to run in one of the most important stakes in American racing: the $750,000 Grade I Whitney Invitational Handicap. They had done pretty well too &mdash;
Joseph Mattioli sealed the deal to bring Nascar to the Poconos over a plate of Southern fried chicken in 1972. He turned a popular honeymoon region into the heart of racing in the Northeast, bringing two Cup races a season to the two-and-a-half-mile triangular Pocono Raceway track nestled in the mountaintops. After nearly 40 years of calling the
Helen Jenkins of Britain won the London Triathlon, while Gwen Jorgensen of the United States finished second to qualify for the 2012 Olympics. Jenkins clinched her first world championship series event in 2 hours 34 seconds. Jorgensen was 7 seconds back. The American Sarah Groff also qualified for the Olympics by finishing seventh. Sports Briefing
STANFORD, Calif. &mdash; Ryan Lochte was beat. After finally catching Michael Phelps , whom he had spent nearly a decade chasing, Lochte traveled through several time zones to compete at the United States swimming championships at Stanford University. A day after arriving from China, Lochte finished a disappointing third in the 100-meter
Christian Taylor of the United States produced a personal best in the triple jump to upset the defending world champion Phillips Idowu of Britain on a good day for American athletes at the Crystal Palace Diamond League meet in London. Taylor recorded a leap of 17.68 meters, or 58 feet, while Idowu&rsquo;s best of 17.07, or 56 feet, was good for
It takes a certain amount of chutzpah to be an N.F.L. kick returner, to peer toward the sky, hoping to catch a wobbling ball, while thousands of pounds of opponents thunder toward you. It is going to take more &mdash; maybe much more &mdash; this season. The new rule that moves the kickoff to the 35-yard line from the 30 nearly ensures that even
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. &mdash; On March 12, the N.F.L. awoke to grave uncertainty amid its first work stoppage in 22 years. That morning in Madison, Wis., Jim Leonhard , the Jets &rsquo; do-everything safety, rolled out of bed and continued his recovery from a broken right leg, as if nothing in his life had changed. The week before the league plunged
The N.F.L. &rsquo;s new drug-testing program includes provisions under which all players will be tested for human growth hormone at least once a year, and possibly many more times, the league said Saturday. Tests for growth hormone require a blood sample, and the N.F.L. will be the first major American sports league to carry out blood testing at
GREEN BAY, Wis. (AP) &mdash; A forced fumble one week, a quarterback sack the next. Mike Neal gave the Green Bay Packers a glimpse of a disruptive player at defensive end before his rookie season ended abruptly because of a shoulder injury. But the extent of his productivity for the Packers started and stopped with the only two games he played in
Deion Sanders strutted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday night sporting a pair of gold shoes to go with the gold jacket emblematic of the special company he has become a part of. At the end of his riveting acceptance speech, he placed his ubiquitous black do-rag on his hall bust. Neon Deion indeed. &ldquo;If your dream ain&rsquo;t
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. &mdash; Ask any football coach what is most important at the start of training camp, and you are likely to hear about rhythm. Quarterbacks and receivers must establish timing and rhythm. The whole offense must find its rhythm. Practices must fall into a predictable, up-tempo rhythm. Unfortunately, the start of this camp,
Big-spending Paris St.-Germain has completed the signing of the Argentina midfielder Javier Pastore on a five-year deal from the Italian club Palermo, shattering P.S.G.&rsquo;s previous French record transfer for striker Nicolas Anelka. Reports put the transfer at 42 million euros ($60 million). The previous record transfer involved P.S.G. paying
LONDON (AP) &mdash; After a double dose of Wembley woes last season, Manchester United returns to the scene of setbacks against Barcelona and Manchester City to start the new season on Sunday against its local rival in the Community Shield match. City beat United in an F.A. Cup semifinal in April before going on to end its 35-year trophy drought,
